ULTRA README - Instructions for adding a custom agent. (#414)
huawei-noah/SMARTS: ultra/README.md

- Train
  Training runs the policy with default configuration:
  `
  {train episodes: 1000000, maxsteps: 1200, timestep: 0.1 sec, evaluation rate: 10000, evaluation episodes: 200}
  `
  - For each experiment a folder with timestamp is added automatically under `logs/` and it saves tensorboad log, models and pkls
  - For every 10000 observation, evaluation is called automatically and policy is saved under `logs/your-expierment-name/models/`
  ```sh
  $ python ultra/train.py --task 1 --level easy 
  # other arguments example: --episodes 20000 --eval-rate 500 --eval-episodes 200 --timestep 1 --headless
  ```
### Run Evaluation Separately
After training your agent, your models should be saved under `logs/your-experiment-name/models/` and you can re-run the evaluation:
  ```sh

>   $ python ultra/evaluate.py --task 1 --level easy --models logs/your-expierment-name/models

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  $ python ultra/evaluate.py --task 1 --level easy --models logs/your-experiment-name/models
```

  # other arguments --episodes 20000 --timestep 1 --headless
  ```

### Adding a Custom Agent
1. **Create Your Agent**

>     Similar to the baseline agents available in `ultra/baselines/` a custom agent minimally contains a `<your_agent_name>/setup.py`, `<your_agent_name>/<your_agent_name>/__init__.py`, `<your_agent_name>/<your_agent_name>/policy.py`, and a `<your_agent_name>/<your_agent_name>/params.yaml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Similar to the baseline agents available in `ultra/baselines/` a custom agent conforming to ULTRA's specification contains a `<your_agent_name>/setup.py`, `<your_agent_name>/<your_agent_name>/__init__.py`, `<your_agent_name>/<your_agent_name>/policy.py`, and a `<your_agent_name>/<your_agent_name>/params.yaml`.
```
